docs(iam): requirements update (#2943)
scaleway/docs-content: identity-and-access-management/iam/api-cli/managing-projects.mdx

  - IAM
---

This page explains how to manage Projects using [Scaleway APIs](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/).

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Configured your API keys](/identity-and-access-management/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/)

> - An API key with the [`IAMManager` or `ProjectManager`](/identity-and-access-management/iam/how-to/manage-users/#how-to-view-and-delete-user-api-keys) permission set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An API key with the [`IAMManager` or `ProjectManager` permission sets](/identity-and-access-management/iam/reference-content/permission-sets/)
```
